Simplify README text content (#26)
getlift/lift: README.md

![](docs/lift.png)

Lift is a plugin that leverages the AWS CDK to expand the [Serverless Framework](https://www.serverless.com/) beyond functions.

Deploy production-ready websites, queues, storage buckets and more with a few lines in serverless.yml.

- ⚡️ **For developers** - No AWS knowledge required
- ⚡️ **Production-ready** - Built by AWS experts, optimized for production
- ⚡️ **Not invasive** - Integrates with existing projects
- ⚡️ **No lock-in** - Eject to CloudFormation at any time

[Why should I choose Lift ?](docs/comparison.md)

## Installation

Lift is a [Serverless Framework plugin](https://www.serverless.com/plugins/), install it in your project:

```bash
serverless plugin install -n serverless-lift
```

> If you prefer, you can install via `npm` directly: `npm i -D serverless-lift`.

Reviewer: I always find the short syntax confusing, especially for non JS devs, which serverless framework users may not be.

And most of the time it would be copy-pasted anyway.

```suggestion
If you prefer, you can install via `npm` directly: `npm install --save-dev serverless-lift`.
```

Author: Good point. I wasn't familiar with JS for a long time and now that you mention it, I remember being confused/worried with these unknown options.
